NAC Poster

This is a poster design I am very proud of. It was done for a class assignment in which were given the freedom to experiment with bold typography and layout. We were provided with the content for the poster from and old dance performance at the National Arts Centre entitled Telemetry. We drew images from the NAC website and had the freedom to use them as we liked.

After choosing the photo for my poster I started this project with sketches. I had a plan in mind for a very complex text layout and it required a lot of planning. I ended up breaking down the dance pose I had chosen into different pieces and began placing different pieces of the text into the white space to see what would make the best fit. After doing this for each piece I began trying to fit it together.

Once I had a rough idea of where I wanted to place the text I moved into Indesign and began laying out the words. This is where I was able to get a true feel for the sizes of text I could use and how well the text would fit. I decided to create six levels of font size for the graphic type so that would be some level of consistency within the design. Once I had the sizes and placement of the text laid out I added colour and placed the informational text on the poster.

To bring this design to the next level I decided to tun it into a moving poster rather than just a static poster. A moving poster would allow for more interest when used on screens and the web. I also wanted to bring the static poster to the next level and do a bit of a redesign of it. I chose a new dancer photo with a different pose. Rather than using a photograph again I decided to make the dancer more artistic and created a graphic illustration of the dancer instead. Choosing a new dance pose also required me to redesign the layout of the text.

Once the new layout was created all that was left was to add movement to the words and the dancer. By placing all the text on different layers I was able to manipulate the text word by word and have them move with the dancer as he moves through his jump. This added even more depth and movement to the already dynamic poster design and brought it to the next level.
